Update moved URLs with their new locations (part 4) (#14827)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mdn/contribute/howto/update_the_css_json_db/index.md

### Store the information in the JSONs

The information from the specifications is stored in a specific way in the JSON DB. CSS properties are stored within [properties.json](https://github.com/mdn/data/blob/main/css/properties.json). All the JSON keys below are obligatory.

Translated information is stored as key string mapping to a translation in [l10n/css.json](https://github.com/mdn/data/blob/main/l10n/css.json) with language + country codes (according to [ISO 639-1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_ISO_639-1_codes) and [ISO 3166-1 alpha-2](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2)) as keys.

> You can use the macros [\\{{cssxref}}](https://github.com/mdn/kumascript/blob/master/macros/cssxref.ejs) and [\\{{SVGElement}}](https://github.com/mdn/kumascript/blob/master/macros/SVGElement.ejs) within translations to refer to other parts of MDN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the macros [\\{{cssxref}}](https://github.com/mdn/yari/blob/main/kumascript/macros/cssxref.ejs) and [\\{{SVGElement}}](https://github.com/mdn/yari/blob/main/kumascript/macros/SVGElement.ejs) within translations to refer to other parts of MDN.
```
